1. We would prefer that you use Azure Namespace rather than a standalone cluster. Is this possible? If it is not possible, please explain why?

a. No. We are designed, built and deployed with the fundamental assumption 
   that we are the only application competing for resources, so we size 
   and test this way.   These assumptions are all coded into our Terraform and Helm Charts
   and are not separable.

b. We build and deploy the cluster as part of our software package. 

c. The cluster is pre-built, configured and has fundamental assumptions which are 
   coded into the Terraform, these are not separable. We don't test it this way
   nor do we specify what these assumptions are, they are coded into the Terraform.
   These are things like Node labels, Taints and Tolerations as well as low-level
   expectations regarding the Monitoring Infrastructure which is a key part of the
   Cluster Autoscaler which inter-releates to Keda and or storage assumptions and
   configurations too numerous to define. We expect complete control over the cluster 
   definition when the cluster is built, Azure Roles and Workload Identity to name a few.

   We install/configure the Nvidia driver along with the operator(s) as well as
   the subscriptions.

   We require complete control of the installation of Operators and their configurations.

   We require complete control over the Prometheus monitor in order to setup Keda (openshift custom metrics operator) to be
   able to perform autoscaling.  We create ClusterRole(s) and ClusterRole bindings in order
   to setup ServiceMonitors.   


d. There are many other complications that a shared cluster brings, none of which we have 
   tested against.

e. We configure and deploy custom kubelet-identity based policies which allow nodes to access
   the storage (blob and files) w/o putting credentials into the clusters.   We have dozens
   of such policies, including Storage and DNS (external-dns) to name a few.
   
2. Can you cope with other Network Traffic as the cluster will be shared?
   
   No.  We expect our sofware to be the only thing in the cluster, we test it this
   way and expect it this way.



3. Could you explain why you need 2 x Nvidia GPUs (Nvidia- GPUS NCAST4-v3 series)? We need to know as it will be a special request to our PaaS team to add these.
   
   We are currently expecting Standard_NC4as_T4_v3 nodes, this is what we size for and expect availability on.

4. Can we re-use your Terraform code?
   
   The code is on a public repository. 

5. What is ZeroSSL used for?

  It issues 90 day auto-renewing certificates.





